If Statements

1. What if...

Create three integers: [people], [cats] and [dogs].

Set these variable to whatever you see fit.

Change the following arguments into code:
If there are less people than cats, then print "Too many cats! The world is doomed!"
If there are more people than cats, then print "Too few cats! The world is saved for another day!"

If there are less people than dogs, then print "The world is drooled on!"
If there are more people than dogs, then print "The world is dry!"

WHAT YOU SHOULD DO

1. Comment above each if statement, saying what you think the purpose of that code is
2. Change your values so that your output is completely different than what you first saw
3. Change your values so that no output is given.

2. Legal problems

Make a program which displays a different message depending on the age given. 

Here are the possible responses:
age is less than 16, say "You can't drive."
age is less than 18, say "You can't vote."
age is less than 25, say "You can't rent a car."
age is 25 or over, say "You can do anything that's legal."

Your output could be the following:
Hey, what's your name? 
>Mike

Ok, Mike, how old are you? 
>17

You can't vote, Mike.
You can't rent a car, Mike.

3. Cars or Buses

Create three integers named [people], [cars], and [buses].

Change the following arguments into code:
If there are more cars than people, then print "We should take the cars"
Else If there are less cars than people, then print "We should not take the cars."
Else, print "We can't decide."

If there are more buses than cars, then print "That's too many buses."
Else If there are less buses than cars, then print "Maybe we should take the buses."
Else, print "We still can't decide."

If there are more people than buses, then print "Alright, let's just take the buses"
Else, print "Let's just take the cars."

WHAT YOU SHOULD DO ON YOUR OWN
1. What do you think else if and else are doing? Answer in a comment.
2. Remove the else from one of your else if statements. What differences does that make? Why?

4. Specific legal problems

Make a program which displays a different message depending on the age given. 

Here are the possible responses:
age is less than 16, say "You can't drive."
age is less than 18, say "You can't vote."
age is less than 25, say "You can't rent a car."
age is 25 or over, say "You can do anything that's legal."

NOTE: Unlike the original legal problems, this program must ONLY display exactly ONE message based on age.

5. Day of the week

Create a method that accepts an integer and returns a string with the corresponding day of the week.

1 -> Monday
2 -> Tuesday
3 -> Wednesday
4 -> Thursday
5 -> Friday
6 -> Saturday
7 -> Sunday
Anything Else -> Error

Create a main that prompts the user to enter a number between 1-7, passes that number to
your method in order to get the weekday, and then outputs that weekday.

Your output could be the following:
Please enter an integer (1-7):
>2

Weekday 2 is Tuesday!

6. Space Weight

Create a program that will ask you for your current weight.
The program should then give you a list of planets and numbers that you can use to select them.
The program will then ask you for which planet you're selecting.
Then, the program will multiply your current weight by the relative gravity of that planet.
Finally, the program will output your relative weight on that planet (gravity * weight)

The relative gravities and numbers of each planet are as follows:
1 (Venus) -> 0.78
2 (Mars) -> 0.39
3 (Jupiter) -> 2.65
4 (Saturn) -> 1.17
5 (Uranus) -> 1.05
6 (Neptune) -> 1.23

Your output could be the following:
Please enter your current earth weight: 
>128

I have information for the following planets:
1. Venus
2. Mars
3. Jupiter
4. Saturn
5. Uranus
6. Neptune
Which planet are you visiting? 
>2

Your weight would be 49.92 pounds on that planet.